>> Scott Moss: So, now we're gonna
talk about and this is a brief topic.
But I just wanna talk about basically two
different ways of how you
can execute a lambda.
There is synchronous and
then there is asynchronous.
Who here thinks they know what I'm
talking about when I say that?
Cuz it's tricky, I know you're thinking,
it's JavaScript, yeah asynchronous,
synchronous, that's what
you're talking about.
I'm not, I'm talking about something else.
Anybody wanna take a stab at it?
The two different modes of running
a lambda function, synchronous or
asynchronous.
No, okay.
Basically, synchronous mode
is when you call a lambda and
you're waiting for
the response to come back.
So this is like an API event.
This is like I'm on a server and
I'm calling a lambda.
This is a client calling a lambda
that's waiting on a response.
It's what your servers do now.
When you make a call to an API you
wait for the response to come back.
It's happening in async but
it's synchronous cuz you're waiting for
it to come back, it's blocking.
Asynchronous lambda is something that
you fire and you forget about it.
It's not gonna respond back to you.
It's gonna go update S3 somewhere or
send an email in the background or
update a DynamoDB table for some reason.
That's an asynchronous lambda.
So those are two different context
in which you can call lambdas.
And that's very important because
depending on what context you're running
in can affect your performance.
It can affect a lot of things so
you got to be careful how you
actually execute those lambdas.
And that only comes down to when
you actually call the lambda
yourself using the AWSSDK.
So if you use the SDK and
you invoke a lamda using the SDK,
whether it's on your node server or inside
of another lambda, maybe on the client,
I don't why you're doing it but
you can do it.
You'll have the option to say, I want this
to be synchronous or not synchronous.
And then you can do that there.
There are some trade-offs